README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Afeef <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="30px">
- 💞️ I’m interested in Full Stack development
- 👀I’m looking to collaborate on interesting projects

[![instagram](https://badges.aleen42.com/src/instagram.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/afeef._.maf/) [ ![twitter](https://badges.aleen42.com/src/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/afeefev) [![youtube](https://badges.aleen42.com/src/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSw6My2K1thRUnINark9J1Q)

### works 👨‍💻
Cool project which I've worked on
- [yesclound](https://yscloud.in/)🧾: it's billing admin app in reactjs it's like multi tenate app which handle differents stores of an brand. which is responsible for managing products,customers,purchase,damage.And it also handles the user subscriptions.

- [wookees](https://wookees.com/)🎥: it's an video based chat system which can be embeded on any website.tool was build in reactjs i worked on client widget and the [admin](https://app.wookees.com/) app for creating and ordering videos and it's response.

### Side projects <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WFZvB7VIXBgiz3oDXE/giphy.gif" width="30px">

- [students profile](https://github.com/tinkerhubemea/students-profile) : it's an college management system in mern stack.which is responsible of managing different usertypes in an college like student,teacher,office staff,etc.Each user will be having an special customized view in app. Currently working on the user permissions.

- [course outline](https://mohammedafeef.github.io/course-outline/#/) : It's an course outline generator which exports user inputs to course outline and export to word file, [casual leave generator](https://mohammedafeef.github.io/casual-leave-application/#/) is also like this one it exports the document to pdf format.

- [tictactoe](https://mohammedafeef.github.io/tictactoeGame/) : It's an tic-tac-toe game with vanila html ,css and javascript. which have three mode to play easy, moderate, impposible you can compete with computer in these three modes.

### Education

- Emea arts and science college kondotty **Bsc computer science**
- pkmhss edarikode **computer science**
- khmhss valakkulam **sslc**
- reach me on [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammedafeef/) and [@afeefev](https://twitter.com/afeefev)

### 🔥 Streak Stats <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/iY8CRBdQXODJSCERIr/giphy.gif" width="30px">&nbsp;
<p align="center"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rohittp0&theme=gruvbox" alt="Stats"  /></p>

<hr>
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/W5eoZHPpUx9sapR0eu/giphy.gif" width="30px" alt="Git"/>&nbsp;<i><b>Git Activeness</b></i></p>
 
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=mohammedafeef&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=gruvbox" alt="ovi" /></p>
<p>&nbsp;<img align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mohammedafeef&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=gruvbox" alt="ovi" width="410" /></p>
<br><br><br><br><br>

<hr>

<p align="center"><img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/QaMcXSekUWx7aogAUr/giphy.gif" width="60" /><b>Git profile Trophies</b></h4></p><br>
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mohammedafeef&theme=gruvbox" />

Commit message:

update: bobby side project updated

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Afeef <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="30px">
- 💞️ I’m interested in Full Stack development
- 👀I’m looking to collaborate on interesting projects

[![instagram](https://badges.aleen42.com/src/instagram.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/afeef._.maf/) [ ![twitter](https://badges.aleen42.com/src/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/afeefev) [![youtube](https://badges.aleen42.com/src/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSw6My2K1thRUnINark9J1Q)

### works 👨‍💻
Cool project which I've worked on
- [yesclound](https://yscloud.in/)🧾: it's billing admin app in reactjs it's like multi tenate app which handle differents stores of an brand. which is responsible for managing products,customers,purchase,damage.And it also handles the user subscriptions.

- [wookees](https://wookees.com/)🎥: it's an video based chat system which can be embeded on any website.tool was build in reactjs i worked on client widget and the [admin](https://app.wookees.com/) app for creating and ordering videos and it's response.

### Side projects <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WFZvB7VIXBgiz3oDXE/giphy.gif" width="30px">

- [students profile](https://github.com/tinkerhubemea/students-profile) : it's an college management system in mern stack.which is responsible of managing different usertypes in an college like student,teacher,office staff,etc.Each user will be having an special customized view in app. Currently working on the user permissions.

- [course outline](https://mohammedafeef.github.io/course-outline/#/) : It's an course outline generator which exports user inputs to course outline and export to word file, [casual leave generator](https://mohammedafeef.github.io/casual-leave-application/#/) is also like this one it exports the document to pdf format.

- [tictactoe](https://mohammedafeef.github.io/tictactoeGame/) : It's an tic-tac-toe game with vanila html ,css and javascript. which have three mode to play easy, moderate, impposible you can compete with computer in these three modes.

- [bobby](https://github.com/mohammedafeef/bobby-cowinbot) : It's an discord bot which is used to check vaccine slot avalability and check on each 30 minutes if available then notify the subscribed users.

### Education

- Emea arts and science college kondotty **Bsc computer science**
- pkmhss edarikode **computer science**
- khmhss valakkulam **sslc**
- reach me on [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammedafeef/) and [@afeefev](https://twitter.com/afeefev)

### 🔥 Streak Stats <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/iY8CRBdQXODJSCERIr/giphy.gif" width="30px">&nbsp;
<p align="center"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rohittp0&theme=gruvbox" alt="Stats"  /></p>

<hr>
<p align="center">
 <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/W5eoZHPpUx9sapR0eu/giphy.gif" width="30px" alt="Git"/>&nbsp;<i><b>Git Activeness</b></i></p>
 
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=mohammedafeef&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact&theme=gruvbox" alt="ovi" /></p>
<p>&nbsp;<img align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mohammedafeef&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=gruvbox" alt="ovi" width="410" /></p>
<br><br><br><br><br>

<hr>

<p align="center"><img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/QaMcXSekUWx7aogAUr/giphy.gif" width="60" /><b>Git profile Trophies</b></h4></p><br>
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mohammedafeef&theme=gruvbox" />
